Note : Please getback to us if you find any error in the ID Card.

We have attached a copy of Rider Display card and ID Card. Either Display the "Display Card" in your bike or Carry the "ID Card" with you for the daily rides. So that our "Ride Organizers" can track your rides with ease.

Display card has to be in A5 size(half the A4) and ID card can be in the size of a Debit Card. We have designed the template in a way that if you print it on a A4 everything will be good.

If you find any mismatch of data, please reply to this email.

As a rider, you can join us in our city, hill and food rides, core strengthening and cross training sessions. Be it ECR or NCR (North Chennai Roads ;) ), OMR or ORR, Marina or Bessy, WCCG rides it all!! Being on the saddle, we pedal our way through the unexplored trails of the city in the wee hours of the morning (day)!! Yes! That's when we ride!! Our biological clock is set that way!

Oh wait! What if you are not a morning person! Don't worry! We do have night rides! And lady riders can also join our night rides. You need not worry about your safety, because we have house drops for you, our Nightingales!



And what next! Yes, the most important part!



SAFETY! Your safety is our priority. WCCG cares for its riders :) Do wear your helmets at all times, get the head and tail lights fixed on your bicycle, carry your sipper (with water). We also recommend you to carry with you a puncture kit at all times and keep a first aid kit handy at all times. You never know how these kits, helmet and lights might just help you during an emergency! 



To join us for the rides, you can simply call, WhatsApp or SMS to respective chapter coordinators.



ANNA NAGAR chapter : 

DIVAGARAN> +91-9840680734



MARINA chapter : 

DIVAGARAN> +91-9840680734



TAMBARAM chapter : 

ANIL JAIN> +91-9840059830



OMR chapter : 

SANTHANA SELVAN> +91-9629557866

PORUR chapter : 

Ashok Kumar> +91-85001079777


There are two other chapters coming up in Ashok Pillar and Avadi- To join that please contact DIVAGARAN> +91-9840680734


If you are on WhatsApp or FB, we  would also be adding you to the chapter specific groups where all ride related information will be posted. 



Looking forward to ride along with you. Go ahead, get on the saddle and start pedalling to your destiny! Happy Riding!




Once again, we take this beautiful opportunity to welcome you "Ride it Out!:):)



Thanks,

Team WCCG :)